not sure how I did the ear of my mother
bear I have contrasting yarn so it makes
it easier to see what I'm doing I use my
thumb as a guide
to place running stitches in the top
and pull that through
you leave the tail so I cannot it in a
minute
and I go back to
and this time I'm just gonna go straight
through
and hopefully come out
and leave the bar in between there
so the knot doesn't pull through
for this time
and put a knot in there
then I'm gonna put my thumb on the top
and
fish the pointy fart down underneath
where the running stages on
and then you spread the top out push
down some
and get that the way I like it
and I'll take
and go inside
from there down and then take the
crochet hook
and pull that down through
so that's fun you're done
hope that helps